hello everybody i have some great news  to share  the black lives matter global network  foundation is finally under  investigation  the attorney general in california  launched an official investigation into  the financial transactions of the black  lives matter global network foundation  and i'm so happy about that  they have to finally answer the question  where is the money  [Music]  it is easily said that people bring the  same attitudes into politics  that they first formed first cultivated  in the field of religion it's easy to  say  people have a religious attitude or  religious fervor  about politics  and we very rarely  press beyond the surface of this  sentiment  to think about what it really means  yes  catholics can give you examples of  people who had cancer  and who prayed  for the salvation of their life for the  salvation of their soul  and mysteriously their cancer went into  remission  as a scientific fact cancer does go into  remission sometimes regardless of what  you believe or  who or what you pray to  what animals you may sacrifice to what  gods but tell me something how many  times have  pious catholics prayed  and died of cancer  anyway what's the failure rate how many  times  has this been  discredited  how many times  would this need to happen  before we can say  it has been discredited and we cease to  believe in it we cease  to pray  we just move on  there's a certain combination of  assumptions in politics that both the  left and the right are prey to the  moderate center is just as much a victim  of this set of assumptions as left  winger right winger extremists so on and  so forth  and i've seen them discredited  again  and again  and again but it's never  enough  it's never sufficient for the masses  it's never sufficient for the  journalists it's never sufficient for  the intelligentsia it's never sufficient  for the people with phds  in political  science to stop believing in this false  idol in this false god that they all  worship  within the last 10 years  i've pointed out again and again  that my fellow vegans  have a sort of list of successful  examples of civil disobedience that they  appeal to  to vindicate their belief in  holding up a cardboard sign chanting  protesting  this method of the pursuit of of  political change they have a list of  success stories  they point to  and on the one hand the particular  examples they're indicating are not  truly successful and on the other hand  the extent to which we're looking at  success stories the success had nothing  to do with civil disobedience the  vietnam war did not end  at the time when it ended it didn't end  when and how it ended because of civil  disobedience it was not sexy teenagers  in bikinis holding up cardboard signs on  the sidewalk that ended the vietnam war  that's just not true it was not  people holding placards who abolished  slavery in the united states of america  it's just  wildly fictional wildly untrue and on  the other hand  the supposedly successful examples of  civil disobedience i've seen them  discredited  one after another the arab spring  all the vegans and all the leftist  channels oh yeah yeah look at what a  success story  civil disobedience has been in libya  look at what a success story civil  disobedience has been in syria in egypt  do i have to go on how many examples do  you want how many more examples you need  how many more failures how many people  pray for help and god doesn't help them  before you recognize god doesn't help  anybody  god isn't even helping the people who  somehow one way or another get helped  they get help by human beings or or  sheer dent of circumstance people bring  a religious mentality into politics and  it's something we really have to think  about  deeply  this whole pattern that i saw really  about eight years ago  playing out within the vegan movement  just within the last three years  i saw it play out again  with even greater intensity and  absolutely no cynicism  within the environmental movement called  extinction rebellion what were the  success stories they pointed to we'd say  look civil disobedience works standing  there with your placard and protesting  this whole model and i'm not going to  narrate the whole thing but it's a  complex set of assumptions about how  history is made and what it means to be  on the right side of history the pursuit  and attainment of  of political protest you know sorry the  pursued entertainment of political  progress  through political protests that's it's a  complex set of assumptions right  oh oh myanmar  just look at myanmar that's what  extinction rebellion said that's what  roger hallam the leader of extinction  muslim look look at all the change look  at the transformation look at the  progress look at their opposition to  military dictatorship and their creation  of of democracy well just look  here we are in 2022.  look at the lies you told about myanmar  and look at the reality hong kong  and i spoke to roger howell about this  quote unquote face to face it was via  skype via this kind of internet to laugh  telephony but i spoke to him about this  i confronted him about this maybe nobody  else ever has never seen any evidence if  anyone will step into our troubles gee  i noticed you used the pro-democracy  protest in hong kong  as a positive example  civil disobedience in hong kong as a  positive example  just  look  and i want you to look partly because  the failure of democracy in hong kong  matters in itself it's an important  story it's an important chapter of  history i want you to understand the  reality but i want you to understand  even more  the lies  that the priests are telling you  this is a kind of priest craft  in our times  and that particular political leaders  are becoming  filthy rich  through the exploitation  of your good intentions  and your  credulity  hello  this is susan woods your black lives  matter fraud investigator  thank you for your time  i'm sure you've heard by now  the black lives matter global network  foundation  led by patrice khan coolers  secretly purchased a 6 million home in  southern california  in october of 2020  as a reminder here is patrice concoulers  she is one of the three founders  and the former executive director of the  black lives matter global network  foundation  the sprawling home is a 6500 square foot  studio city compound  which boasts seven bedrooms and seven  bathrooms  a sound stage music studio  pool  and parking for more than 20 cars i have  a question  why did black lives matter  toronto  receive 6.3  million dollars  here is the answer  this is patrice khan coolers  and her wife  jania khan  the black lives matter global network  foundation  gave millions of dollars to a canadian  non-profit  run by black lives matter co-founder  patrice concouler's wife  jania khan to buy a 10 000 square foot  mansion  in toronto that once  once served as the communist party's  headquarters  this is the mansion that was  purchased this is the mansion that  patrice concoulers  sent or transferred 6.3 million dollars  to her wife  in canada toronto canada to purchase  this mansion so right before patrice  concoulers  quit her position for the second time  with the black lives matter global  network foundation she made sure  to transfer 6.3 million dollars  to her wife  in toronto canada to purchase this  mansion  for  her wife's  nonprofit organization  m4bj  which i cannot find any information  about  in terms of the services that it  provides to the community  what  the mission statement is  who are the who serves on the board of  directors i cannot find anything about  m4bj as a nonprofit organization  i do know according to the toronto sun  and the new york post that several  members of the nonprofit organization  resigned  after  the purchase of this mansion because  janaya khan just like her wife patrice  concoulers  did not discuss anything with anyone  about purchasing a mansion and for what  reason  no one still knows what is going on  so now we're seeing how the money is  being trickled out of the black lives  matter global network foundation from  the 90 million dollars that was  generated in 2020 in the wake of the  george floyd murder you have  21.7 million dollars  gone  divided among 30 lgbtqia  organizations and you have 8.1 million  dollars gone to operating costs and now  you have another six point million six  point three million dollars gone  to purchase a mansion in toronto canada  and no one knows why  where is the money  specifically where is the 90 million  dollars that they generated that they  admitted to generating last year in the  wake of the george floyd murder i not  only investigated the black lives matter  global network foundation  i invested i investigated all of the  chapters  that are listed on that  website the 18 chapters  and how i investigated the chapters i  created a list of questions  like who are the leaders  what's the mailing address  what's the phone number  what's the email address  what sort of social platforms do they  use  which platforms do they use to process  their donations  if they accept donations  if they have 501 c 3 status  are they registered with the secretary  of state's office are they listed on  guide star or charity navigator  and finally the big question is where is  the money going  where  is the money  and i was astonished  disappointed hurt  with the results  because after looking at each one of  those  chapters and the global network  foundation site itself  i could not find out how to use the  money  i could not determine where the money is  going  it doesn't appear to be going to the  black community  like people think it is  when people give to blacklivesmatter.com  or any of his chapters  they assume the money is benefiting the  black community and it is not  i could not find  one piece of evidence  that showed  that black lives matter actually sponsor  community events  to help black people  or to provide community programs or to  provide community services for black  people  i could not find it  and i looked  now i hope someone can prove me wrong i  would love for someone to say susan here  look  they are black lives matter is providing  a reading program for our kids see  they are creating a community vegetable  garden  see  they are helping people pay their bills  who have lost their jobs due to the due  to this pandemic see  none of that is shown  what's the end goal  what were you trying to change  what was the idea i realized that you  were angry  about what happened  i can  certainly relate to that  but i just have one question for you now  blm protesters  do you feel stupid  do you feel stupid right now  when you think about the way  things have  changed since you were marching last  year  the black lives matter global network  foundation which is supposed to be like  the headquarters for all of these  smaller entities  is imploding  the three founders have taken the money  and run  they've gone  so do you feel stupid for marching the  way that you did last year  everybody marched together  diverse groups of people  from all walks of life  the media paid particular attention to  the fact that white people were marching  too everywhere you looked you saw a  george floored image on something  and everybody was just showing pride in  that sign  black lives matter  then we took a knee we raised our fist  in the air to signify power  in the black movement  we demanded police  accountability  we wanted to defund the police  all of that  took place  last year  protesters  do you feel stupid  young  old  middle-aged  yelling black lives matter black lives  matter black lives matter  to what end  what policy changes on a federal level  have we seen  every website i went to  talks about demands  we demand this  we demand to defund the police we demand  to stop racial profiling we demand abc  there is not one thing  that i'm seeing  that says  how you're going to  meet the demands  it's just a whole lot of yelling  a whole lot of demands  with no plans